Added description about network discovery (#59)
owncloud/docs-webui: modules/classic_ui/pages/files/access_webdav.adoc

More details can be found https://github.com/owncloud/documentation/pull/2668[here].

=== Problem: Network Discovery

> On Windows 10, you need to turn on the _Network Discovery_ to make webdav access working. In newer versions of Windows 10 is enabled but default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows 10, you need to turn on the _Network Discovery_ to make webdav access work. In newer versions of Windows 10 it is enabled by default.
```
